Release 0.28.0 (#627)
packit/ogr: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.28.0

> - Fixed bug with getting `conclusion` from GitHub's Check Run. (#618)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Getting `conclusion` from GitHub's Check Run no longer raises an exception when it's not defined, it returns None instead now. (#618)
```
I find this text to be more informative
